All right.  hmm...
What are we saying? Something about Sweet Home Alabama
Ohhh... no...
Hang...
Ha, ha, ha...
Right...
I love that one too. Is that a rom-com?
That's kind of like an action...
There's always like a love interest, right? Yeah.
I like, I like this. It looks like a book.
I think that's what it is. Yeah, I like her staffs... hmmm.
Sorry...
Oh my gosh, that was like my first like celebrity crush
Yeah. And it was like when he was all buffed and cut.
Yeah, and that went away real quick right after that.
Fine  break, yeah.
Hmm...          Hmmmm....
Ah, Keanu Reeves was hot back then. Right.
I don't know, I've never watched that before. (***)
Hmm...
Haaang    I don't really...
I feel like I saw a lot of like 90s, 90s, like early 20s.
2000s. Around there, there was like a lot.
What's a recent like  rom-com?  he said...
Like, I don't know. I haven't seen anything like this.
Oh, they  right.
What was that movie with, was it Diane Lane, was it?
Diane Lane or...
Oh no, that was good too. That was really good. I really loved it.
under the Tuscan sun. I thought the cinematography was
So beautiful, like I'll watch that not even for the story but just because it's so pretty.
Yeah, I really love that story. That was really good.
Is that the one way  Anthony Hopkins? Not Anthony Hopkins, but um...
Ahh...
Dan Keaton and what's who's the guy?
Jack Nicholson, that's right. That's a real good one. I enjoyed that.
Ohh.. hmm...
No
Ha, ha, ha...
Hmm...
Aha...Right, right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Ha.. ha..   Great... ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Ha, ha, ha...
That's so funny.
Uhh...Hmmm...
Hmm...
Hmmmmmmmm...
I really like those movies. Even when I was younger, I enjoyed that.
There's so much more  like  depth.
Yeah, if you think (***)  yeah...
Yeah...
It's really like superficial... like.. right.. yeah...
they've experienced it and it's like their take on it from there...(***)
No, I think there's more like truth in it, you know?
Yeah, because like, I don't know.
It's never, it's never happened to me, but like do you just meet someone on the street and be like, hey, you're fine.
You're hot, let's go out. You know, does that really happen? I don't know.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
I've experienced that too, so hey. So hey. ha... ha.. ha...
See that? I could resonate with that.
I could relate to that.. yeah...
So when it's not that, I'm like, I don't know if that really happens.
Hmm...
What else?
Yeah..    yeah.. okay...
Hmm...
Marbon ... ha.. ha.. ha...